Customizable footer layout (#3)
Siphalor/dhbw-pandoc-paper-template: index.md

colorlinks: true # Colorize links, useful for the digital version

> pagemark-roman: true # Use roman numerals for all pagemarks
> # index-roman: true # Use roman numerals for indices in content tables
> 
> footer:
>   pagemark:  # Determine where the page counter is located, default is center, options are right & left
>     left: true
>   authors: true # Include authors in footer, away from the pagemark.

Reviewer: I don't think roman pagemarks should be enabled by default.
Also, it should probably be put into the general `footer.pagemark` section.

```suggestion
# index-roman: true # Use roman numerals for indices in content tables

footer:
  pagemark:  # Determine where the page counter is located, default is center, options are right & left
    left: true
    roman: false
  authors: true # Include authors in footer, away from the pagemark.
```

pip install pandoc-acro pandoc-include --user
```

> [SVG](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG) können mit GNOME `librsvg` Eingebettet werden. Windows muss diese Library Nachtbeziehen.
> ```pwsh
> scoop install https://gist.githubusercontent.com/LuminousPath/55c9a416ab8530cd5875e29e8197f22c/raw/fa5ef794486acfa3d130028b9626d24c7d1ed5ad/rsvg-convert.json
> ```

Reviewer: SVG support isn't really in scope for this pr.
I'm also not really a fan of installing scoop manifests directly, as there won't be support for auto-updates, afaik.

Some buckets with `librsvg` can be found [here](https://scoop.sh/#/apps?q=rsvg&s=2&d=1&o=false).

Also, there are a bunch of grammar/spelling mistakes:

````suggestion
[SVG](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG) können mit GNOME `librsvg` eingebettet werden. In Windows muss diese Library manuell nachbezogen werden.
```pwsh
scoop install https://gist.githubusercontent.com/LuminousPath/55c9a416ab8530cd5875e29e8197f22c/raw/fa5ef794486acfa3d130028b9626d24c7d1ed5ad/rsvg-convert.json
```
````
